I'm mysterious and not glorious, but don't buy it,
You think I just want to be the king of energy,
And the place will provide food.
Normally, why would you help my mother?
My name is Uncle Mom,
It was decided by you personally,
That’s why I helped the old man follow me all the time.
I'm going to remind you of the feeling of not being informed.
No, I didn't expect him to meet.
Unexpectedly.
Go and everything is mine to do,
My mother just said that I had it,
What kind of auspiciousness do you have, dad?
Dad’s sister has already been thanked by me for coming here this time.
She will always give you emotions
I beg you to let my mother feed a creature and wait for you.
Let me go kid
I thought he wasn't there
My mother's life has been revived
Just ask for my mother's life
After what you have done in the past
You are here to save me. Thank you for your request.